
--- PAGE 1 ---
FOLLOW-UP FORM

Please complete the form:
- Neatly and legibly in dark ink
- Each question must be completed
- Place in appropriate boxes

Personal details: (only complete if your personal details have changed since you were last in hospital)

Title MRS
First Name LUCY
Last Name GRAHAM
Address type Home Business Other
Street Address 13 FAIRLIE DR
Suburb FLAWSTAFF HILL
Post Code 5159 State SA
Country AUSTRALIA
Phone Number 0485721143 Mobile Number
Medicare No 1995043232
Date of Birth 08/07/1958 (dd/mm/yyyy) Gender Male Female
Intersex or indeterminate

Please confirm if you are of Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander origin?
- Aboriginal but not Torres Strait Islander origin
- Torres Strait Islander but not Aboriginal origin
- Both Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander origin
- Neither Aboriginal nor Torres Strait Islander origin
- Indigenous not otherwise described

Follow-up Questions

1. Where are you staying at present?
- Hospital
- Home with care supports (e.g. assistance from family, council services etc)
- Rehabilitation (inpatient)
- Home without care supports
- Hostel Care
- Transitional care service
- Nursing Home
- Other

2. Do you live on your own?
- Yes, I live entirely on my own
- No, I live with others

3. Since you were in hospital for your stroke (30-06-2023), have you had another stroke?
- Yes
- No

--- PAGE 2 ---
4. Since you were in hospital for your stroke, have you been readmitted to hospital?

☐ Yes ☒ No

If Yes, what was the reason for your admission?

Date of re-admission ☐☐/☐☐/☐☐☐ (dd/mm/yyyy)

5. Which of these sentences best describes your level of disability today? (Tick one box only).

☐ 0 = NO SYMPTOMS AT ALL
☐ 1 = NO SIGNIFICANT DISABILITY DESPITE SYMPTOMS
  able to carry out all usual duties and activities
☐ 2 = SLIGHT DISABILITY
  unable to carry out all previous activities, but able to look after own affairs without assistance
☒ 3 = MODERATE DISABILITY
  requiring some help, but able to walk without assistance
☐ 4 = MODERATELY SEVERE DISABILITY
  unable to walk without assistance, and unable attend to own bodily needs without assistance
☐ 5 = SEVERE DISABILITY
  bedridden, incontinent, and requiring constant nursing care and attention

By placing a tick in one box in each group below, please indicate which statements best describe your own health state today.

6. Mobility
Thinking about your health today, which of the following statements best describes your mobility?

☒ I have no problems in walking about
☐ I have some problems in walking about
☐ I am confined to bed

7. Self-care
Thinking about your health today, which of the following statements best describes your self-care?

☐ I have no problems with self-care
☒ I have some problems washing or dressing myself
☐ I am unable to wash or dress myself

8. Usual activity
Thinking about your health today, which of the following statements best describes your usual activities such as work, study, housework, family or leisure activities?

☒ I have no problems with performing my usual activities
☐ I have some problems with performing my usual activities
☐ I am unable to perform my usual activities.

9. Pain/discomfort
Thinking about your health today, which of the following statements best describes any pain or discomfort you may be experiencing?

☒ I have no pain or discomfort
☐ I have moderate pain or discomfort
☐ I have extreme pain or discomfort

10. Anxiety/depression
Thinking about your health today, which of the following statements best describes any anxiety and depression you may be experiencing?

☐ I am not anxious or depressed
☒ I am moderately anxious or depressed
☐ I am extremely anxious or depressed

--- PAGE 3 ---
11. Health State

• We would like to know how good or bad your health is TODAY.

• This scale is numbered from 0 to 100.

• 100 means the best health you can imagine.
  0 means the worst health you can imagine.

• Mark an X on the scale to indicate how your health is TODAY.

• Now, please write the number you marked on the scale in the box below.

YOUR HEALTH TODAY = 70

--- PAGE 4 ---
12. Would you like to receive an information package from the Stroke Foundation about stroke and support services?

☐ Yes ☒ No

Note: the Stroke Foundation sends this information out once a month, so there may be a delay in receiving it. In the meantime, you can visit the Stroke Foundation website https://strokefoundation.org.au/ or call the StrokeLine on 1800 787 653 (call-back service).

13. Would you be willing to be contacted in the future to hear about possible stroke research projects that you may be eligible for?

☒ Yes ☐ No

Form completed by: ☒ Self ☐ Other (please complete below)

Name: [Name] Signature: ___

Relationship to Patient: [Relationship to Patient] Date: [Date] Contact Number: [Contact Number]

Additional Comments:

THIS IS THE END OF THE QUESTIONNAIRE. THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.

Please return [reply paid envelope enclosed].
